<iframe src="https://d3c33hcgiwev3.cloudfront.net/JO9Kp6VyROivSqelcoToZg.processed/full/720p/index.webm?Expires=1678406400&amp;Signature=W5BegTVp6M9MTPdwDNYy~vuYmd2l9LIO7FFzIwT9pr80wJG5FT7KIQWKhgG-bKw0xo2iN0nEPLL4oyH76fyJmvyC4uQyVETmg7GwMESTs80lRlqp2F5z5PUZSA7VPKG~qF0oAgvWNoPjV6bNaqT6OQyISwSIIf62C1xS2ZsFqQ4_&amp;Key-Pair-Id=APKAJLTNE6QMUY6HBC5A" allow="fullscreen" allowfullscreen="" style="height:100%;width:100%; aspect-ratio: 16 / 9; "></iframe>

#points 
-   Machine learning is the field of study that gives computers the ability to learn without being explicitly programmed.
-   Arthur Samuel is known for writing a checkers playing program that learned how to play the game by playing tens of thousands of games against itself.
-   The more opportunities you give a learning algorithm to learn, the better it will perform.
-   The two main types of machine learning are supervised learning and unsupervised learning.
-   Supervised learning is the type of machine learning that is used most in many real-world applications and has seen the most rapid advancements and innovation.
-   The first and second courses of the specialization focus on supervised learning, and the third focuses on unsupervised learning, recommender systems, and reinforcement learning.
-   Practical advice for applying learning algorithms is equally important to having great tools.
-   The class teaches the best practices for developing a practical, valuable machine learning system.
-   Supervised learning is when the algorithm is trained on a labeled dataset, and unsupervised learning is when the algorithm learns patterns and relationships in an unlabeled dataset.
-   Supervised learning is useful for prediction tasks, while unsupervised learning is useful for clustering and dimensionality reduction.
