<iframe src="https://d3c33hcgiwev3.cloudfront.net/CfgMr6woTsy4DK-sKP7M3w.processed/full/720p/index.webm?Expires=1678492800&amp;Signature=X~I18yKQs4ELekiAlP-O9sQR970fV8eVBqsjY03~8KAuvmEIvPnnQ6NGZGmJJahNK-LmNfoxyU8pnGRAP2n6Rg3cZ4w3PMcREoFgL8CwEf-DAwrbEM3nTmAMUp1Z1vWhVb9paxZnOIJeRJVCyeuccYkmjXPf6OBa8EcLV33sHdI_&amp;Key-Pair-Id=APKAJLTNE6QMUY6HBC5A" allow="fullscreen" allowfullscreen="" style="height:100%;width:100%; aspect-ratio: 16 / 9; "></iframe>

#points 
-   The paragraph talks about supervised and unsupervised learning and invites the reader to understand these concepts deeply by attending a class.
-   The Jupyter Notebook is the most widely used tool by machine learning and data science practitioners today and is used to code up and experiment.
-   The reader can build their own Jupyter Notebook environment to test out the concepts.
-   The optional labs are designed to be very easy and require no need to write any code, but the reader can run the code provided and see how machine learning code runs.
-   The optional labs are completely optional, but running through them will give the reader a deeper feel and more experience with what machine learning algorithms and code look like.
-   The practice labs, starting next week, will give the reader an opportunity to write some code themselves.
-   The paragraph also talks about an example of a notebook and the two types of cells - Markdown cells and code cells - in the notebook.
-   The reader is encouraged to select the cells and hit Shift Enter to run the code, read through the code and make a prediction about what the code would do, and then see what the code actually does.
-   The paragraph concludes by looking forward to the next video where the supervised learning problem will be discussed.